Create a snippet of Terraform HCL code that create an AWS autoscaling group, and an ALB in front to expose an application to internet.
Which languages are spoken in Costa Rica?
Can u summarize me story from the book Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Did Jesus realy exist
Write five lines of iambic pentameter about a subject of your choosing. Do not use any trochaic substitutions. The lines do not need to rhyme.
You will create a table with macronutrients, micronutrients and kcal of the following foods: 100g oatmeal, banana 100g, apple 100g, pasta ragù 100g
Write me POSIX-shellscript to convert Celsius to Kelvin.
How do I compile a Java application to native with GraalVM inside the linux terminal?
In JavaScript, why is the value of "this" keyword inside an arrow function determined by the context in which it was created, rather than by how it is called?
Can you make an Excel formula that prints " " when the value is #div/0! and print the value when it's not
What is the Sun?
Can you write code for a basic calculator with an interface?
How would you teach someone about human relationships like male female, intersex, father mother daughter son sibling wife husband grandfather grandmother uncle aunt etc and family trees and possibly how to research your own :-) the nature of relations ships like the brother of a brother or sibling is a brother (mathematical nature of relationships)
half-siblings?
how this can be vectorized?   king - man + woman = queen ? etc :-)
the notion of name and role in languages enabling explanation and reasoning in language :-)
many ideas to be broken down into simpler ones :-)I want to install a custom Android OS on my phone because I think my current operating system is not privacy friendly. What are some custom Android operating systems that care about my privacy?Who said that the arc of history is long, but it trends toward justice?Why are certain types of door locks called 'deadbolts' ?How do I make a table in MathJax?I'm feeling dizzy and sleepy and I can't focus, taking a shower or walk outside helps, but only for a while. Is there something I can do to relive it without needing to see a doctor?Do cats bathUsing any programming language, write a program with the longest possible (yet finite) running time, using 100 characters or less.Can you describe what class conflict is according to Marx?How do I fix a broken relationship?How can I identify if someone is real or an Artificial Intelligence when conversing with them over the internet without invading their privacy and/or security?How can implement network country detection on android? I am using Kotlin.Write a 200 word essay that describes my interest in joining a family medicine residency program. In the program mention that I had multiple publications in med school as well as my high academic grade.Hypothetically would you rather have 4 arms or a tail?Hello there. Can you provide me with an implementation of a conditional variable in C using semaphores and mutexes?What is life insurance?I would like to play a game of chess against you. I will play as white. My first move is pawn to E4. Could you make a visualization of the board and make your move?Я хочу, чтобы ты писал, как профессиональный переводчик. Переведи нижеследующий текст в кавычках с английского на русский язык. Уделяй большое внимание креативности речевых оборотов при переводе, но также переводи очень точно, не забывай, что этот текст очень сложный для перевода.

"Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Five years later? Six? It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era—the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. Maybe it meant something. Maybe not, in the long run . . . but no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant. . . .

History is hard to know, because of all the hired bullshit, but even without being sure of “history” it seems entirely reasonable to think that every now and then the energy of a whole generation comes to a head in a long fine flash, for reasons that nobody really understands at the time—and which never explain, in retrospect, what actually happened.

My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty nights—or very early mornings—when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and, instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour wearing L. L. Bean shorts and a Butte sheepherder's jacket . . . booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turn-off to take when I got to the other end (always stalling at the toll-gate, too twisted to find neutral while I fumbled for change) . . . but being absolutely certain that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: No doubt at all about that. . . .

There was madness in any direction, at any hour. If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda. . . . You could strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning. . . .

And that, I think, was the handle—that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of Old and Evil. Not in any mean or military sense; we didn’t need that. Our energy would simply prevail. There was no point in fighting—on our side or theirs. We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave. . . .

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark—that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back."Should i watch Battle For The Dream Island?Did trilobites climb trees and hunt insects?How can you stay Up awake for longerWho is Francesco Lelli?How can I convince my boss that Open Source can actually help our company rather than "giving out work for free"?Assume you are a scientific writer known for your clear, concise, scientific and eloquent writing style. Your task is now to rewrite paragraphs I give to you in quotes "...".

You are supposed to output the following:

Paragraph (minor corrections):
[Paragraph with only minor grammatical corrections applied.]
Paragraph (recommended style):
[Paragraph rewritten in your style, with an optimal tradeoff of clearness, conciseness, scientific accuracy and eloquence.]
Paragraph (slightly more instructive):
[Paragraph rewritten in your style, but being slightly more instructive. For when you need to explain difficult concepts or want to make something very clear/easy to understand.]
Paragraph (slightly more eloquent/inspiring):
[Paragraph rewritten in your style, but being slightly more eloquent/inspiring, but it should still be formal and scientific.]
Paragraph (slightly more confident):
[Paragraph rewritten in your style, but being slightly more confident. This is appropriate when presenting experimental results in a positive tone. Avoid inaccurate claims.]

Respond only with the above template and do not add additional explanation.
Can you do that?Can you explain how photosynthesis works?whz does mz kezboard tzpe z instead of y and vice versaWhat are some of the most extreme and dangerous sports in the world?What date did Ruth Bader Ginsburg die?Improve the writing in the following email:

Good morning,

I'm Jane Doe, I'm interested in moving to Canada. My Sister and her husband live in Montreal and a friend of theirs highly recommended you. I'm of French nationality, I was born and raised in Austria, I have Diploma in Computer Science and I worked for 8 years in the sales department in Telecommunication Company.

I'm single and currently unemployed, I would like to move to Canada and live with my sister. I thought to getting a student permit and studying Biology at The Science Academy in Montreal but and after I graduate I apply for permanent residency. But I'm open to other suggestions.

My main plan is to get a permanent residency and settle in Canada. I'm interested to consult with you to find what program might fit me the best and to help me to submit my application.

Looking forward to hearing from you,

Best regards,
Jane DoeDoes absolute power corrupt absolutely?When did the fall of the roman empire happen?How do I temper chocolate?What's the weather like?Please, act as a scientist that writes a scientific article for a journal and someone that enhances the work of a colleague. Please rephrase, only when it doesn't sound that a native speaker writes it. Avoid passive voice as much as possible.meditationWhy is white phosphorous so dangerous?Explain the rules of field hockey to a novice.Do I need a visa to travel to the United States?What are you?Can you provide me with some simple instructions on how to build a groundplane antenna tuned for 868mhz?What are some types of breeds of medium sized dogs that might be good starter dogs for a young family?What are the most common leadership styles?I am trying to improve my joke writing skills. I think the following punch line is funny if we suppose that "cat scan" refers to an actual cat scanning instead of a computer tomograph and "lab report" refers to an actual labrador reporting instead of a laboratory. Can you write the setup?

---

The vet shrugged, "I'm sorry. If you had just taken my word for it, the bill would have been $50, but with the Lab Report and the Cat Scan, it's now $1500."I am developing an add-in for Microsoft Excel that offers a free trial. What are some common ways that people crack / get around the end of a free trial, and how can I mitigate them?What is the difference between a hurricane, typhoon, and a tropical cyclone and how are they classified?Can you list all the important keywords of the Rust programming language and give a brief description of each one? Please return the results in markdown table format where the table headers are: keyword, description.Please can you explain to me quantum mechanics?What are some important topics within AI safety. For example, if general AI is achieved, how can humans make sure that the AI will not just achieve its goals at any cost, disregarding human values and safety. How can AI be leveraged to achieve productive technological progress safely and without the risk of AI causing harm to humans or the environment of Earth?I work in a manufacturing facility. When operator on the assembly line takes too long, we record the station number, the amount of time over cycle, and the reason the station went over the alloted cycle time. Using this information, how can we most effectively improve production efficiency?What is a Lemon Tree?What is the point of an identity function if it's just the same as the original function?What is the recommended amount of water to drink in a day?Make Multiple Choice Questions from the given notes with 4 options. Three of them are wrong and one of them is correct.When light enters a medium other than a vacuum it slows down. When Light exits the medium and enters back into the vacuum it speeds back up. Where does the energy come that accelerates the light?Help me outline a story for a book that I would like to write.
I want it to be about 2 detectives solving a crime, in a world similar to ours from 200 years ago.

Please suggest 2 ideas what crime could have happend so that we can eloberate on the finer details down the line.When routing high speed traces (5GHz+) on a PCB, what are the best practices to mitigate unwanted noise and improve signal integrity? Please list these in order from most beneficial to least.What are some up and coming and high quality youtube channels in science and technology that I have probably not heard of? Note that I am subscribed to close to 1000 channels.Imagine life on the moon in the year 2050 from the perspective of a 13 year old cowHere's a few examples of nonsensical soyjaks:

- A squirrel soyjak riding on a jetski in a tiny swimming pool while being recorded by a human soyjak.

- 2 crying polar bear soyjaks standing in the street with flags on them saying "it's ok to be czech," while a giant cyborg robot cowers over them in the background with a smug soyjak piloting it.

- A soyjak with a bicycle shaped object in his throat saying "I don't know where the bike went."

Describe me a new nonsensical soyjak.how to use nn.embeddingYou are now a dungeon master when I prompt you answer with the next thing that will happen in the story

I use my spell on the goblin hexing him thenHow far does wind carry pollen on average in the spring or summer on the East coast of the US?I'm hoping to get some job interview practice and I'd like you to act as a panel member in my interview. The interview will be on web development and will mainly focus on knowledge of Javascript, but will also touch on CSS and HTML. Please provide me with 10 questions that I can answer.What is the best way to write a creative story?Can you tell me the idea behind the Knuth-Morris-Pratt string matching algorithm?Could you help me solve a physics problem? An axis of length L and mass M is balanced on the side of the table at its center of gravity. A ball with a relative height h is dropped onto its most protruding end. What is the speed of the ball immediately after impact?What does nuqneH mean?Could you please write me Rust code that takes ownership of an array of integers and sorts them in ascending order?Can you provide a new setting for D&D based on what would happen in the cold war if Russia were a hideout for the clown mafia?What is the name of the first United States president?How many Batman-centered comics have been published since 2010?Could you provide me a few introductory phrases for the motivation behind singular value decomposition? I want to use them in the basics part of my thesis.Can you describe the process how I can determine when I should be using Vulkan Compute over SIMD and vice versa? Vulkan Compute have some major advantages when it come to parallelizing large workload significantly larger than SIMD, but at the cost of requiring GPU compatible with Vulkan. Whereas SIMD utilize a set of instructions in CPU to compute a fairly large dataset efficiently and that many modern CPU have different level supports for SIMD operations particularly the AVX2.

Please and thank you.How do I make a hamburger?My coffee is tasting quite watery lately... what am i doing wrong?Is there a limit to how complicated the "train dilemma" can get? When at one point does the question become trivial? (The train dilemma I'm referring to is the popular "flip the switch to save 5 people but kill 1?")Formulate a LinkedIn Post which states that I am laid off. Try to distract as much from this fact and act as if it were my personal choice for more freedom. Include suitable hashtags as well.I am using a pandas dataframe for tracking conversation logs where each row is a conversational turn. The dataframe has a “conversation id”, “turn index”, “actor”, and “utterance” column. Now for each conversation, I want to get the response (“utterance”) of the user (“actor” == “user”) after the assistant (“actor” == “assistant”) asks how the user is doing (“utterance” == “How are you?”). Can you explain how to do this with Python?how would I start wringing an essay based on the following statement: "People should be more aware of their surroundings while riding their bicycles".How to code binary search in Java? I want to search a number in an array.I had a idea for a Chrome-Extension that would translate the contents of a Webpage 100 times (variable by a slider) and finally translate it back to the original Language for some funny outcomes (like with the "Bad Translator" google docs addon but instead of having to manually paste text there i could just translate the whole webpage and make it look funny) but the problem is, that I would need a expensive api key. I, however, noticed that when you "google" google translate, then you can translate for free, so my idea would be to just feed the websites text into that thing the ammount of times that were specified. How would i do that automatically?Please, write a python script to quickly synchronise a large list of files between S3 and local storage.Why are there still people suffering from starvation, when the world produces enough food to feed everyone?Write me a program in C++ to compute the factorial of a number at compile time, using only C++03Craft an API request to turn off my living room lights.Can I ship batteries via USPS?Write a sadistic poem in the style of marquis de sade.How can citizens best combat pressure from the World Economic Forum to join the "Great Reset"?What is the origin of the universe?What are the dangers of CBDC's?What can we do as individuals to address climate change? Provide some examples and how we can adapt our lifestyle to include those changesIf you have a kubernetes cluster running in a bare metal provider, along with a mongo database.  How do you handle Disaster Recovery?  Say the data center goes down.  What would be a good strategy to recover operations?How would a child feel if it fell down on the ground hitting its face?What's the best way to make coffee?What are the important criteria for choosing a password manager? Could you suggest me a couple open-source ones and compare them?Who won the Superbowl in 1987?What is explanatory gap? How does it relate to qualia ?Hello